hello and welcome to Big Smoke language
three special ghostbusting episode in
Pokemon time in the pearl in this
episode I'll explore more than I will
battle when I'm going to search for the
ghosts of the old suit oh I don't think
there's anything more to say then please
enjoy the video and please post good
comments alright let's get started now
the old chateau is located in aterna
forest and it's a creepy oval building
now the first ghost is located in the
kitchen which is run from you right
there
some people either do have to talk to
the statue I don't know if this is true
I believe I've tried without talking to
statue and it worked fine but and well
the ghost will appear behind the table
about here
he will after few seconds walk or hover
away into the kitchen where he will
disappear
I'm gonna talk to Statue here and just
to be sure I'm just gonna appear I
believe you don't have to but you know
what the hell it's still inside now all
I have to do is go in and out until I
find him and trust me you'll see him
let's let's do this go in and out and
out in and out
as you can see it's a pretty
time-consuming work actually but it'll
pay off when the actual scene there is
there is
all right I see you see as you
disappears totally can't you can't see
you know anyway
see it's nowhere in the kitchen not
anywhere the creep factor is skyrocket
and there are speculations actually
about these ghosts if they actually have
something to do with the adventure or
they're just there and don't do very
much just to creep you out because the
first time I saw him that Butler ghost
did knows just like a strange
coincidence I freaked out all right pick
up this old guitar here and let's search
for the second ghost the second ghost is
a little girl she will appear in the
room to the far right I'm gonna show you
how it will look all right sure so the
girl will be standing in the middle of
the room and she will look left and
right like that and then she will exit
the room so what we will have to do is
to go to the room next to the room in
the far right otherwise known as the
room with a glaring eyeball picture and
then walk in and out pay attention to
the room in the far right so well you'll
just see it for a look a little split
second
oh there she is Wow
I'm very lucky when it comes to girls
Tania today did you see here
all right for a little scary bonus or
something I will show you the ghost of
the old Chateau and then the ghost of
the old Chateau will only appear if you
had the National dicks and talked to
this TV at night
I've actually pretty hard understanding
witness a plasma TV inside of a old
building like this all right
thump the TV set and prepare to fate
come face to face with a ghost or the
old Chappell it's not that scary but
it's a it's a rare Pokemon so what are
you gonna do its own level 15 and his
name is Rotem
he's pretty easily catched and I'm gonna
try for my dust ball he is an electric
ghost type pretty odd type you asked me
all right
first shot oh my god the last time I got
this lucky was when I caught my
brother's palca my first shot see the
Pokedex spot is composed of plasma it
knows how to infiltrated electronic
devices and wreak havoc he it's pretty
good information about him
all right the TV has an odd Melvin feel
as if it's staring hmm seems like
everything's staring in this house well
that concludes my ghost busting video
I'm gonna get the hell out of here
[Music]